Add new parameters to findings API in security analytics (#6499)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security-analytics/api-tools/alert-finding-api.md

Parameter | Description 
:--- | :---

> `detector_id` | The ID of the detector used to fetch alerts. Optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`detector_id` | The ID of the detector used to fetch alerts. Optional.
```

`detectorType` | The type of detector used to fetch alerts. Optional
`sortOrder` | The order used to sort the list of findings. Possible values are `asc` or `desc`. Optional.
`size` | An optional limit for the maximum number of results returned in the response. Optional.

> `startIndex` | The pagination indicator. Optional.

Author: Similar to what we have for Alerts -> https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/security-analytics/api-tools/alert-finding-api/#get-alerts

> `detectionType` |  The detection rule type that dictates the retrieval type of the findings. When the detection type is `threat`, it fetches threat intelligence feeds. When it's `rule`, findings are fetched based on the detector's rule. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`detectionType` |  The detection rule type that dictates the retrieval type for the findings. When the detection type is `threat`, it fetches threat intelligence feeds. When the detection type is `rule`, findings are fetched based on the detector's rule. Optional.
```

> `severity` |  The severity of the detector rule used to fetch alerts. Severity can be critical|high|medium|low. Optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`severity` |  The severity of the detector rule used to fetch alerts. Severity can be `critical`, `high`, `medium`, or `low`. Optional
```

> `severity` |  The severity of the detector rule used to fetch alerts. Severity can be `critical`, `high`, `medium`, or `low`. Optional

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`severity` |  The severity of the detector rule used to fetch alerts. Severity can be `critical`, `high`, `medium`, or `low`. Optional.
```
